README.md, before:

set-oci-vm-owner
================

Copies `owner` custom attribute in vCenter to `owner` tag in NetApp OnCommand Insight

Requirements
------------

You need a fully operational OCI server and vCenter server, as well as credentials for each.

Tested with Ansible 2.7 and 2.8.

Role Variables
--------------

`vcenter_hostname` or `VMWARE_HOST` environment : Host name or IP of vCenter server

`vcenter_username` or `VMWARE_USER` environment : Username to use when connecting to vCenter Server. Can be a read-only user

`vcenter_password` or `VMWARE_PASSWORD` environment : Password to use when connecting to vCenter Server

`vcenter_datacenter` : Name of Datacenter as defined in vCenter Server top level object.

`oci_host`  : Host name or IP address of OCI server

`oci_username` : Username to use when connecting to OCI server

`oci_password` : Password to use when connecting to OCI server. To get a lit of annotation, you can use the following URL in your web browser : https://ociserver/rest/v1/assets/annotations

`oci_annotation_id` : ID for the annotation to use when updating VirtualMachine object in OCI.

`oci_query_id` :ID for the query that returns all the VirtualMachine objects that needs to be updated with owner annotation. To get a list of queries, you can use tge following URL in your web browser : https://ociserver/rest/v1/queries


Example Playbook
----------------

Here is an example that shows how to pass OCI credentials.

vCenter credentials usually comes from the inventory file.



    # Content of inventory.yaml
    all:
      children:
        vcenters:
          hosts:
            vcenter:
              ansible_connection: local
              vcenter_datacenter: Datacenter
              vcenter_hostname: myVcenterServer
              vcenter_username: ansible@vsphere.local
              vcenter_password: secretPassword

    # Content of set-oci-vm-owner.yaml
    - hosts: vcenters
      vars:
        oci_username: admin
        oci_password: secretPassword
        oci_host: ociServer
        oci_query_id: 67
        oci_annotation_id: 5012
      module_defaults:
        vmware_vm_facts:
          validate_certs: no
        vmware_guest_facts:
          validate_certs: no
        uri:
          validate_certs: no
      roles:
        - ybizeul.set_oci_vm_owner

    $ ansible-playbook -i inventory.yaml set-oci-vm-owner.yaml 



Author Information
------------------

yann@tynsoe.org

Commit message:

VMware custom tag is now an configurable variable

README.md, after:

set-oci-vm-owner
================

Copies `owner` custom attribute in vCenter to `owner` tag in NetApp OnCommand Insight

Requirements
------------

You need a fully operational OCI server and vCenter server, as well as credentials for each.

Tested with Ansible 2.7 and 2.8.

Role Variables
--------------

`vcenter_hostname` or `VMWARE_HOST` environment : Host name or IP of vCenter server

`vcenter_username` or `VMWARE_USER` environment : Username to use when connecting to vCenter Server. Can be a read-only user

`vcenter_password` or `VMWARE_PASSWORD` environment : Password to use when connecting to vCenter Server

`vcenter_datacenter` : Name of Datacenter as defined in vCenter Server top level object.

`vcenter_custom_attribute` : Name of the attribute in vCenter that will be set in OCI annotation

`oci_host`  : Host name or IP address of OCI server

`oci_username` : Username to use when connecting to OCI server

`oci_password` : Password to use when connecting to OCI server. To get a lit of annotation, you can use the following URL in your web browser : https://ociserver/rest/v1/assets/annotations

`oci_annotation_id` : ID for the annotation to use when updating VirtualMachine object in OCI.

`oci_query_id` :ID for the query that returns all the VirtualMachine objects that needs to be updated with owner annotation. To get a list of queries, you can use tge following URL in your web browser : https://ociserver/rest/v1/queries


Example Playbook
----------------

Here is an example that shows how to pass OCI credentials.

vCenter credentials usually comes from the inventory file.



    # Content of inventory.yaml
    all:
      children:
        vcenters:
          hosts:
            vcenter:
              ansible_connection: local
              vcenter_datacenter: Datacenter
              vcenter_hostname: myVcenterServer
              vcenter_username: ansible@vsphere.local
              vcenter_password: secretPassword

    # Content of set-oci-vm-owner.yaml
    - hosts: vcenters
      vars:
        oci_username: admin
        oci_password: secretPassword
        oci_host: ociServer
        oci_query_id: 67
        oci_annotation_id: 5012
        vcenter_custom_attribute: owner
      module_defaults:
        vmware_vm_facts:
          validate_certs: no
        vmware_guest_facts:
          validate_certs: no
        uri:
          validate_certs: no
      roles:
        - ybizeul.set_oci_vm_owner

    $ ansible-playbook -i inventory.yaml set-oci-vm-owner.yaml 



Author Information
------------------

yann@tynsoe.org
